want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend we all been our
lives on something question is what's
going to be a journalist examining
Christianity finds his own life altered
forever in the case for Christ you
really want to know the truth of your
mind already made yeah going in style
stars Morgan Freeman as a senior citizen
who plans a bank heist with his two old
friends
we're gonna need professional help the
Forbidden Forest is forbidden you're
grounded in Smurfs
The Lost village Smurfette and friends
must race against time to find a
mysterious forest village girls must
mean business see what's hot in theaters
with this week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]